was that the oven timer that's right my
friend it's time for Baywatch can you
believe they gave Stephanie skin cancer
I still can't believe they promoted her
to lieutenant well you're just saying
that cuz you're in love with Yasmine
Bleeth well how could anyone not be in
love with Yasmine Lee hey hey don't run
it see this is the brilliance of the
show I say always keep them running all
the time running run
run-run dance mean what like to win
but I thought you wanted to live by
yourself I did I thought it'd be great I
figured I'd have like time alone with my
thoughts but you know turns out I don't
have as many thoughts as you think Joey
why don't you talk to Chandler about
moving back you really think he'd take
me I mean we had a pretty good talk last
night but when I moved out I hurt him
bad
I promise you he would definitely want
you back I'm telling you there's no way
he's moving back we had one of the
greatest talks we ever had last night I
mean it was it was like when we first
started living together look I know you
don't want to hear this right now but
we've seen him in his new place all
right and he's happy he's he's decorated
Chandler he has moved on okay you have
to - but no you're just gonna have to
accept the fact that you're just friends
now okay you're not roommates anymore
enjoying what's going on Eddie morning
morning I just came by to pick up my
mail where's the mail oh it's uh over
there on the table you don't keep it
over here on this table Rulon no Eddie
likes to keep it over there
all right here you go my friend eggs
already huh oh oh all right huh what no
I just thought you liked your eggs with
the bread with the hole in the middle I
love meat well I do but Eddie makes him
this way and well they're pretty darn
good well you guys I'm out of here
mmm see you pals see you so how you two
getting along
oh I couldn't be happier great huh I'm
happy for you all right that's it
he just comes in here mr. Johnny new
eggs with his fish he's moving the mail
and is his senior pals and now there's
no juice there's no juice for the people
who need the juice and want the juice I
need the juice
there's another carton right over there
hey this isn't about juice anymore right
man all right
so what's it about eggs whose eggs do
you like better his or mine huh
well I like both eggs equal oh come on
nobody likes two different kinds of eggs
equally you like one better than the
other one I wonder which what's the
difference your eggs aren't here anymore
are they
you took your eggs and you left do you
really expect me to never find new eggs
I think of all the friends have known
Oh